blog/2020-04-28-adding-material-ui-icons-to-docusaurus.mdx, before:

---
id: material-ui-icons-to-docusaurus
title: Adding Material UI Icons to Docusaurus
author: Taylor Reece
author_url: https://github.com/taylorreece
author_image_url: https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3622586?s=400&u=92d81adf0d87e31ac26d0f335e154697c2e5d04a&v=4
tags: [documentation, material-ui, docusaurus]
description: Add Material UI Icons to docusaurus
---

I wanted to add some [Material Design Icons](https://material.io/resources/icons/?style=baseline) to a [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) documentation page that I'm working on, but couldn't find a good tutorial on how to do exactly that.  I'm relatively new to the React.js world, so I had to futz for a bit, but eventually got it figured out.  <!-- truncate -->I figured I'd share, in case anyone else wants to add material icons to their Docusaurus site:

Install `@material-ui/core`

```bash
npm install @material-ui/core
```

Within a `.mdx` file (blog or docs file), import the appropriate React component.  Throw this just under your metadata block:

```javascript
import Icon from '@material-ui/core/Icon';
```

Finally, within your .mdx page you can pepper various icons:

```javascript
<Icon>face</Icon>
```

Commit message:

Forgot the required CSS to get material icons rendering.

blog/2020-04-28-adding-material-ui-icons-to-docusaurus.mdx, after:

---
id: material-ui-icons-to-docusaurus
title: Adding Material UI Icons to Docusaurus
author: Taylor Reece
author_url: https://github.com/taylorreece
author_image_url: https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3622586?s=400&u=92d81adf0d87e31ac26d0f335e154697c2e5d04a&v=4
tags: [documentation, material-ui, docusaurus]
description: Add Material UI Icons to docusaurus
---

I wanted to add some [Material Design Icons](https://material.io/resources/icons/?style=baseline) to a [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) documentation page that I'm working on, but couldn't find a good tutorial on how to do exactly that.  I'm relatively new to the React.js world, so I had to futz for a bit, but eventually got it figured out.  <!-- truncate -->I figured I'd share, in case anyone else wants to add material icons to their Docusaurus site:

Install `@material-ui/core`

```bash
npm install @material-ui/core
```

Within your custom css file `src/css/custom.css`, add an import of the material icons font family

```css
@import 'https://fonts.googleapis.com/icon?family=Material+Icons';
```

Within a `.mdx` file (blog or docs file), import the appropriate React component.  Throw this just under your metadata block:

```javascript
import Icon from '@material-ui/core/Icon';
```

Finally, within your .mdx page you can pepper various icons:

```javascript
<Icon>face</Icon>
```
